src/filesystem/README.md, before:

# Filesystem MCP Server

Node.js server implementing Model Context Protocol (MCP) for filesystem operations.

## Features


**Note**: The server will only allow operations within directories specified via `args`.

## API

### Resources


### Tools

  - Read complete contents of a file
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Reads complete file contents with UTF-8 encoding

  - Read multiple files simultaneously
  - Input: `paths` (string[])
  - Failed reads won't stop the entire operation

  - Create new file or overwrite existing (exercise caution with this)
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File location
    - `content` (string): File content

  - Create new directory or ensure it exists
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Creates parent directories if needed
  - Succeeds silently if directory exists

  - List directory contents with [FILE] or [DIR] prefixes
  - Input: `path` (string)

  - Move or rename files and directories
  - Inputs:
    - `source` (string)
    - `destination` (string)
  - Fails if destination exists

  - Recursively search for files/directories
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): Starting directory
    - `pattern` (string): Search pattern
  - Case-insensitive matching
  - Returns full paths to matches

  - Compress a file using specified algorithm
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to compress
    - `algorithm` (string): 'gzip', 'deflate', or 'brotli'
  - Saves compressed file with appropriate extension

  - Decompress a file using specified algorithm
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to decompress
    - `algorithm` (string): 'gzip', 'deflate', or 'brotli'
  - Saves decompressed file without compression extension

  - Encrypt a file using AES-256-CBC
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to encrypt
    - `password` (string): Encryption password
  - Saves encrypted file with .enc extension

  - Decrypt a file encrypted with encrypt_file
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to decrypt
    - `password` (string): Decryption password
  - Saves decrypted file without .enc extension

  - Compare two text files
  - Inputs:
    - `path1` (string): First file path
    - `path2` (string): Second file path
  - Returns differences in human-readable format

  - Search for a term within a text file
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to search
    - `searchTerm` (string): Term to search for
  - Returns matching lines with line numbers

  - Generate a hash of a file
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to hash
    - `algorithm` (string): 'md5', 'sha1', 'sha256', or 'sha512'
  - Returns the hash value

  - Detect the type of a file based on its content
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Returns the detected MIME type

  - Get detailed file/directory metadata
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Returns:
    - Size
    - Creation time
    - Modified time
    - Access time
    - Type (file/directory)
    - Permissions

  - List all directories the server is allowed to access
  - No input required
  - Returns:
    - Directories that this server can read/write from

## Usage with Claude Desktop
Add this to your `claude_desktop_config.json`:

Commit message:

Update README with instructions on starting the server and create a one-click script for easier server initialization.

src/filesystem/README.md, after:

# Filesystem MCP Server

Node.js server implementing Model Context Protocol (MCP) for filesystem operations.

## Features


## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the server:
   ```
   npm start -- /path/to/allowed/directory [/path/to/another/allowed/directory ...]
   ```

   Or use the provided start script:
   ```
   ./start.sh /path/to/allowed/directory [/path/to/another/allowed/directory ...]
   ```

**Note**: The server will only allow operations within directories specified via `args`.

## API

### Resources


### Tools

  - Read complete contents of a file
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Reads complete file contents with UTF-8 encoding

  - Read multiple files simultaneously
  - Input: `paths` (string[])
  - Failed reads won't stop the entire operation

  - Create new file or overwrite existing (exercise caution with this)
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File location
    - `content` (string): File content

  - Create new directory or ensure it exists
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Creates parent directories if needed
  - Succeeds silently if directory exists

  - List directory contents with [FILE] or [DIR] prefixes
  - Input: `path` (string)

  - Move or rename files and directories
  - Inputs:
    - `source` (string)
    - `destination` (string)
  - Fails if destination exists

  - Recursively search for files/directories
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): Starting directory
    - `pattern` (string): Search pattern
  - Case-insensitive matching
  - Returns full paths to matches

  - Compress a file using specified algorithm
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to compress
    - `algorithm` (string): 'gzip', 'deflate', or 'brotli'
  - Saves compressed file with appropriate extension

  - Decompress a file using specified algorithm
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to decompress
    - `algorithm` (string): 'gzip', 'deflate', or 'brotli'
  - Saves decompressed file without compression extension

  - Encrypt a file using AES-256-CBC
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to encrypt
    - `password` (string): Encryption password
  - Saves encrypted file with .enc extension

  - Decrypt a file encrypted with encrypt_file
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to decrypt
    - `password` (string): Decryption password
  - Saves decrypted file without .enc extension

  - Compare two text files
  - Inputs:
    - `path1` (string): First file path
    - `path2` (string): Second file path
  - Returns differences in human-readable format

  - Search for a term within a text file
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to search
    - `searchTerm` (string): Term to search for
  - Returns matching lines with line numbers

  - Generate a hash of a file
  - Inputs:
    - `path` (string): File to hash
    - `algorithm` (string): 'md5', 'sha1', 'sha256', or 'sha512'
  - Returns the hash value

  - Detect the type of a file based on its content
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Returns the detected MIME type

  - Get detailed file/directory metadata
  - Input: `path` (string)
  - Returns:
    - Size
    - Creation time
    - Modified time
    - Access time
    - Type (file/directory)
    - Permissions

  - List all directories the server is allowed to access
  - No input required
  - Returns:
    - Directories that this server can read/write from

## Usage with Claude Desktop
Add this to your `claude_desktop_config.json`:
